amdvlk,nixos/amdvlk: drop (#444693)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/configuration/gpu-accel.chapter.md

```ShellSession
$ export \
  VK_ICD_FILENAMES=`nix-build '<nixpkgs>' --no-out-link -A mesa`/share/vulkan/icd.d/radeon_icdx86_64.json
```

> The second mechanism is to add the Vulkan driver package to

Reviewer: Yeah it's better to remove it, since radv works by default without any configuration.

Modern AMD [Graphics Core
Next](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphics_Core_Next) (GCN) GPUs are

> supported through either radv, which is part of mesa.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
supported through the RADV driver, which is part of mesa.
```

```

If you disabled (this functionality of) `systemd-logind`, you may need
to add the user to the `video` group and log in again.

### Mixing different versions of nixpkgs {#sec-gpu-accel-common-issues-mixing-nixpkgs}

The *Installable Client Driver* (ICD) mechanism used by OpenCL and
Vulkan loads runtimes into its address space using `dlopen`. Mixing an
ICD loader mechanism and runtimes from different version of nixpkgs may
not work. For example, if the ICD loader uses an older version of glibc
than the runtime, the runtime may not be loadable due to missing
symbols. Unfortunately, the loader will generally be quiet about such
issues.

> If you suspect that you are running into library version mismatches

Author: This was accidentially removed, re-adding and pushing.
